#summary Firefox Frequently Asked Question(s).

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#After_installation_nothing_happens_-_i_even_don%27t_see_the_a I don't see the add-on icon on toolbar]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#I_launch_Urim_,_left_sidebar_appears_but_there_are_no_tag-cloud Sidebar appears but there are no tag-cloud]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#Some_words_on_my_own_language_appears_too_frequently Stop Words]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#I_am_a_programmer_or_very_smart_user_;-)._I_want_to_run_all_test I want to run all tests myself]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#I_want_to_see_Urim_logs Logs]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#How_to_change_log_level How to change log level]*

 * *[http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ?#How_does_this_work_? How does this work ?]*


= After installation nothing happens - i even don't see the add-on icon on toolbar =
Try reboot your computer.

= I launch *Urim*, left sidebar appears but there are no tag-cloud =
Ensure, that page you are working with loading is finished (page loading progress bar is absent). If it is not, *Urim* will wait for page load is completed and just after that produce a tag-cloud. You can stop loading each page any time by pressing *Esc* key on your keyboard.

= Some words on my own language appears too frequently =
This usually is called *Stop Words*. For example, "_the_", "_on_", "_very_" and others are English stop words. They appear on each text more frequently, then other words, so we need to consider this. If you find some such words, please contact [mailto:o.mazko@mail.ru me] or build add-on from sources yourself. To do this [http://java.com/en/download/index.jsp JRE] and [http://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi Ant] need to be installed on working machine: 
 # Download *Urim* [http://urim.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ sources] to _*SomeFolder*_.
 # Edit your language stop words file in _*SomeFolder*\Utils\Java\StopGenerator\StopGeneratorBin\stop_ directory. Notice, that all stop words files uses *UTF-8* encoding.
 # To compile stop words, enter in directory _*SomeFolder*\Utils\Java\StopGenerator\StopGeneratorBin_ and type _*java StemmerStopBuilder ../../../../modules/analysis/filter/ShingleStopFilter.js*_ or just execute *run.bat* in Windows.
 # Almost finished - we need to make *Urim* add-on. Enter in _*SomeFolder*_ directory and type *ant*. If success, enter in _*SomeFolder*\dist_ and take fresh *urim.xpi*. Drag it on Firefox for offline installation.

= I am a programmer or very smart user ;-). I want to run all tests myself =
*Urim* uses *[https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/9018/ MozMill]* framework to test code logic.
 #  Install *Urim*.
 #  Install *MozMill*.
 #  Launch *MozMill*. In "*Editor*" tab go *Actions->Run Directory* and select _*SomeFolder\Tests\Mozmill*_, where _*SomeFolder*_ is *Urim* [http://urim.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ sources] directory, then press *OK*.
 #  Wait.
Here are some tests time measures: 
 * _Ubuntu + Corei3 2.13 GHz + 3Gb memory_ all tests completed in about 45 minutes
 * _WinXP + Pentium3 667 MHz + 384 Mb memory_ testing time is about one night )))

= I want to see Urim logs =
Add-on uses *[https://wiki.mozilla.org/Labs/JS_Modules#Logging log4moz]* logging system. On Windows XP log is here: _*%appdata%\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\80gg64am.default\urim\logs\verbose-log.txt*_,
on Kubuntu 10.10 - _*/home/oleg/.mozilla/firefox/zdrpytk3.default/urim/logs/verbose-log.txt*_, where _*80gg64am.default*_ and _*zdrpytk3.default*_ is your [http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Profiles profile] name

= How to change log level =
Open _*loggerWrapper.js*_ file: on Windows XP - _*%appdata%\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\80gg64am.default\extensions\o.mazko@mail.ru\chrome\urim.jar\content\*_,
on Kubuntu 10.10 - _*/home/oleg/.mozilla/firefox/zdrpytk3.default/extensions/o.mazko@mail.ru/chrome/urim.jar/content/*_, where _*80gg64am.default*_ and _*zdrpytk3.default*_ is your [http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Profiles profile] name. Replace line *root.level = Log4Moz.Level.Warn;* with *root.level = Log4Moz.Level.All;*, update _*urim.jar*_ archive and restart Firefox. After this you can explore some additional information like time measurements, identified language in [https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Error_Console Error Console] and text file logs of course as it was shown on previous topic.

= How does this work ? =
 * If user selected some text to analyze, add-on just call JavaScript _*[https://developer.mozilla.org/en/window.getSelection window.getSelection]*_ method to extract text data. In other case for a given page and each of it's frames add-on extracts *html* source and convert it to text with special Firefox [http://doxygen.db48x.net/mozilla/html/interfacensIFormatConverter.html nsIFormatConverter] interface. To produce one single string all text fragments are concatenating by adding "_*.\n*_" sequence in the end of each. This is very simple solution and in place of frames splice we have nonexistent word phrases - one word(s) from one frame and other from another. But frequency of such phrases is very low, and it does not matter in normal pages.
 * Identify text language.
 * Tokenize (split) extracted text into words. Very simple whitespace tokenizer mechanism used. As the result difficult text, programming sources for example, gives not pretty words on result tag-cloud. Planning to change this peace of code in feature.
 * Remove the commoner morphological and inflexional endings from words with [http://snowball.tartarus.org/ Snowball] algorithm, selected by already identified text language.
 * Make word phrases with [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-gram n-gram] (shingles) algorithm and add them to words list. Calculate each word item boost value, considering whether it contains [http://code.google.com/p/urim/wiki/FAQ#Some_words_on_my_own_language_appears_too_frequently Stop Words] or not.
 * Sort word items, considering boosting and frequency and show first 50 items as the tag-cloud.